Update Snapchat Conversions API docs prior to GA (#3416)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-snap-conversions/index.md

- Phone Number
- IP Address

> warning ""

> > If you hash identifiers upstream before sending to Segment, Segment will still hash that data before sending to Snap. This results in a double hash that will not be able to be matched on. Please ensure your fields are not hashed prior to sending through the Snapchat Conversions API destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you hash identifiers upstream before sending to Segment, Segment still hashes that data before sending to Snap. This results in a double hash that won't be able to be matched on. Please ensure your fields are not hashed prior to sending through the Snapchat Conversions API destination.
```
